[
"Jafar Rezaei
A curious and experienced software professional passionate about various technologies. With 10+ years of industry experience and 2 published books, I've helped numerous startups and businesses succeed.
Amsterdam, Netherlands
(+31) 684342594
sayjeyhi@gmail.com
https://sayjeyhi.com
EXPERIENCE
Squad Lead - Lyreco (via iO), NetherlandsMay. 2023 - PRESENTWorking on a green field e-commerce platform with micro frontend, using the latestNextjs 14, and utilizing all the power of server components and server-side frameworkenhancements to launch in 25 different countries. (Pilot countries launched)Software Engineer - DAF trucks (via iO), NetherlandsFeb. 2023 - May 2023I joined the DAF trucks parts sales team. We had an app for selling parts developedusing Vuejs, vuex, Cordova, etc. I helped refactor it, changed the UI implementation,and added new features.Senior Software Engineer - iO consultancy, NetherlandsFeb. 2023 - PRESENTThe consultancy company that I joined and relocated to Amsterdam. I gave talks hereand participated in meet-ups with big names in the front end.Team Lead and Architect - SoftConstruct, ArmeniaJan. 2021 - Feb. 2023We were working on an AI-based intelligent chatbot called Hoory. I was Leading aneight-member team. We used React.js, redux, Metarepos, k8s, GCP, gRPC, and manyedge technologies.Frontend Engineer - SnappMarket, IranSep. 2019 - Jan. 2021My team and I made a brand-new structure and standard to develop front-end appsthere. We used that architecture to build the new website with react.js and SSR.SnappMarket is a giant Iranian online grocery.Full Stack Developer - TorfehNegar, IranSep. 2017 - Jan. 2019Holoo is a well-known accounting app in Iran, and we built a web version of this appwith ZF. Also, we did internal projects with nodejs, MongoDB, and react.js. We haddaily challenges with large-scale apps made in this company.Founder - Ideh Pardazane Hamrah, IranApr. 2016 - Aug. 2019This was my company to work on my startups, including Jurchin and Citygram projects.Also, we worked on freelance projects.Secretary of Software Council - Ardabil Province ICT, IranApr. 2015 - May. 2016We managed Ardabil Province software-related stuff by having weekly meetings andfixing problems.SKILLS- Typescript- Reactjs/Vuejs/Angular- Redux (Toolkit, Saga)- Nextjs (12 and above)- React Native/Expo- Test (unit, behavior, e2e)- Rest, gRPC, graphQL- Socket (io, WS)- Ruby, Rails, Php, Python, …- Nodejs (express, nest)- DB (MySQL, MongoDB)- Docker, Kubernetes- Terraform- CI/CD (GitHub, GitLab, jenkins)- Cloud (AWS, GCP)- Scrum/Agile Player- Certified Agile Team Lead- iSAQB Certified Architect- 1st rank National competitions- Published Two Books",
"Designer and Developer - Freelance, IranApr. 2011 - May. 2015Graphic design, Template development, and simple backend projects.EDUCATIONPayameNoor University, Ardabil/Iran — B.A.2012 - 2017Chemical Engineering, and after four semesters, dropped outComputer Engineering, Second try in a correct field, finished at 2017Khaje Nasir Toosi, Tehran/Iran — M.A.2017 - 2019Dropped out after two semesters.PROJECTSButchers Life — 3D Game with three.js [link][react.js, three.js, r3f, rigid game engine, web3, gltf, 3D modeling, blender]Pulse Monitor — A fast bun-based crawler [link][github actions, bun, graphql, restAPI ]3D Portfolio — My 3D portfolio [link][react.js, three.js, jotai, r3f, theatre.js, gltf, 3D modeling, blender]Hoory — Intelligent assistant chatbot [link][react.js, monorepo, gRPC, GraphQL, Socket, K8s, GCP, Terraform]SnappMarket — Online Shop [link][react.js, Redux, Saga, SSR with Nodejs, micro frontend]Frontend toolbox — OSS project [link][react.js, design system, lerna, rollup, npm]Iconbox — OSS project [link]A Universal Icon solution [vue, node, svgr, gatsby]Chanjelog — OSS project [link]A bash script to make automated release notes [Bash, will rewrite in Rust]Citygram — My Company’s startup [link]A platform like Yelp with lots of featuresJurchin — My Company’s startup [link]Site builder with Drag & DropMariotek — OSS organization [link]An open-source publications platformAnd etc.AWARDS1. Written the BetterUnderstanding of JavascriptBook2. Translator of Top ReactInterview Questions Book3. 1st place at Sharif UniversityDevelopment Competition,Fanavard (2019)4. Two years of membership inthe Iran Elite Foundation5. Owner of Mariotek team whoworks on OSS projects6. OSS Developer since 2013 onGitHubLANGUAGESEnglish, Persian, AzerbaijaniLinkshttps://github.com/sayjeyhihttps://stackoverflow.com/users/4718253https://www.linkedin.com/in/jafar.rezaei/https://sayjeyhi.com/"
]
